I think the quality of the products are ok. But the product does well on its fashion sense. They are latest and trendy.I got a trouser from zara, delhi. I just didnt check it and back in my home town I found it to be worn out. I went back to delhi within a month and asked for a refund or exchange.i had lost misplaced my bill. I told the counter people to check in the details of the product within the system. I would show my id card as the payment was made online. They refused. I was disappointed and never approached zara ever again. Although I miss their latest clothes but staff is rude and unapologetic.
Received a very bad quality product! Avoid Zara online at all cost. You will save your time and money!
Zara customer care, trading policy, refund policies are just UNREASONABLE! I strictly don't recommend Zara for any purchase. When online customers don't get proper service for their purchase, it is very risky to invest money where you don't have guarantee for your purchase and refund.
I stay in Uk and had ordered for a product from Zara India to be delivered in India. Zara cancelled the order and did not return back my money. I waited for a couple of days after which I wrote to them and wrote to them again. It's sad that such a reputable brand is unable to handle refunds more efficiently especially when the cancellation is done by them.
I bought the white shirt from zara few days back. It had excellent fitting but the quality of cloth was so bad, I raised my hands to get something from top drawer of closet and I couldn't believed that shirt just tear apart from armpits.Only if they had a good quality clothes I would have liked to continue to be their loyal customer.
I am a regular customer of Zara and really like their fashion collection. But I still think that its a bit overpriced as compared to the quality of fabric which they are offering. Apart from that the shoes are also not of that good quality. I do not recommend Zara for footwear at all. The main reason is their low durability. Apart from that they do offer some good discounts and they also deliver to your house and can exchange at the store if the size is not right. Thats a really good thing. I love shopping from Zara.
According to my experience this is very good and it also have nice products because I used some of the products of zara and it also have Wonderful gadgets like hair straightener , dryer all thr gadgets works good and smoothning the hairs. I like it but most of the peoples dont like I dont know why zara has good beauty products they all are good and service is also very good they give a product at the time.
Zara! According to my personal experience I think if anyone need best outfit then I will recommend they should buy from Zara. Their products are expensive but its worth buying. Zara have its own different taste of fashion even if you buy online then also you will get same colour and same size of product that you actually see in the picture. Starting from summer to winter all type of best outfit one can get in Zara anytime.Yes its a big brand! Nd anywhere in the worldwide this brand is so famous for its amazing taste of fashion.
I am a constant Zara buyer. First piece that I bought from Zara was around 4 years ago. I bought a biege trouser and a black shirt at that time and I still use the trouser. It still looks like a new one.Quality of clothes are very good, they are really comfortable and also fits me perfectly.I now constantly buy Zara clothes as the variety in every category provided is very wide.
